cellcounts.py - For each GAL4 and combination of GAL4s I counted the number
of cells in each hemisphere. This script calculates the means and standard
deviations/errors of these counts and finds the pvalue of the differences
of the means using the ttest. Data is in anatomy>paper>cellcounts

multiplot.py - Library with functions for plotting bar graphs (pump
frequency, ingestion rate, volume per pump, gcamp peak deltaf/f, gcamp
response duration) for the paper 

plotcapfile.py - From the pooled data, generates a text file listing the
means and standard deviations of the capillary data. Plots a graph
of the data.

plotdeltatimefile.py - From the pooled data, generates a text file listing the
means and standard deviations of the cibarial filling and empyting time. 
Plots a graph of the data.

plotdeltatime_lof.py - Scripts for plotting the bar graphs showing the
cibarial emptying and filling durations for mutant flies (Fig 3E)

plotdeltatime_wt.py - Scripts for plotting the bar graphs showing the
cibarial emptying and filling durations (Fig 1F)

plotdft_lof.py - Scripts for plotting the fourier transforms of the mean
intensity traces (Fig. 3A)

plotdft_wt.py - Scripts for plotting the fourier transforms of the mean
intensity traces (Fig. 1B)

plotdroparea.py - Scripts for plotting the area of the residual fluid drop
upon capillary withdrawal (Fig. 3F)

plotfreqfile.py - From the pooled data, generates a text file listing the
means and standard deviations of the pump frequency data. Plots a graph of
the data.

plotfreqvstime.py - Script for plotting frequency vs time plots (Fig. 4B)

plotgctd.py - Script for plotting fluorescence intensity over time of two
ROIs from the same movie 

plotpaperfig.py - Scripts and parameters for plotting behavioral
bar graphs for the paper using functions in multiplot.py.

plotpaperfiggc.py - Scripts and parameters for plotting gcamp
bar graphs for the paper using functions in multiplot.py.

plotpumpper.py - Script for plotting the pump frequency and PER bar graphs
for CS flies (Fig. 1 C-E)

plottraces_dropint.py - Script for plotting the dye intensity over time of
an ROI drawn around the cibarium and an ROI drawn around the labellum.

plottraces_gc_204.py - Script for plotting sample gcamp traces for motor
neuron 11 activity (Fig. 5B)

plottraces_gc_423.py - Script for plotting sample gcamp traces for motor
neuron 12 activity (Fig. 5B)

plottraces_gofpumps.py - Script for plotting the dye intensity traces of an
ROI drawn around the cibarium in dtrpa1 flies (Fig. 4B)

plottraces_lof.py - Script for plotting dye intensity traces for an ROI
drawn around the cibarium in TNT experiments (Fig. 3A)

plottraces_wt.py - Script for plotting dye intensity traces for an ROI
drawn around the cibarium in CS experiments (Fig. 1B)

plotvolperpumpfile.py -  From the pooled data, generates a text file
listing the means and standard deviations of the volume/pump data. Plots
a graph of the data.

